Movie Theater Seating (C++) - By Sava Glisic:

DESCRIPTION:
This program assigns movie theater seating by accepting an input file path, containing reservation numbers and party sizes, and returning an output file path, containing reservation numbers and corresponding seat assignments. The program provides a minimum buffer of three seats between parties, with respect to public safety.

ASSUMPTIONS:
- This algorithm supports one theater with 10 rows of 20 seats
- It assumes that customers are most satisfied seated with their party, while socially    	 distanced by three seats or one row from other parties.
- It assumes that early customers would prefer seating in middle rows, as these afford   the most comfortable viewing position and the least neck strain.
- It assumes that there cannot be more customers then there are available seats.

RUNNING AND INSTALLING:
The program folder contains one-click executables, a "moviesW.exe" file for Windows users and a "moviesM.exec" file for Mac and Linux users. 

If desired, the source code can be manually compiled into executable programs. 

Mac OS:
Place the source code within a folder, or use the included "movies" folder generated by unzipping the "movies.zip" file.

Open a new terminal Window and enter the command "cd (folder directory)".
Then enter the command "g++ -o moviesM main.cpp" and execute.
This will place a Unix .exec file in the target folder.

Windows:
First ensure that a c++ compiler like "g++" is installed on your machine

Place the source code within a folder, or use the included "movies" folder generated by unzipping the "movies.zip" file.

Open "cmd.exe" and enter the command "cd (folder directory)"
Then enter "g++ -o moviesW main.cpp" and execute.

TESTING:
Compile movieTestFile.cpp, this will generate a .txt file of reservation numbers and party sizes that can be imported to the main application for testing purposes. The party sizes will be random.
